# Arbiter-Based TRNG

## Dataset
`./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/` is the dataset of AAC TRNG

### Basic randomness evaluation
1. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/BasicData200M/Bit01_T0NG8.BIN`
The 200 million bit data of RD0 and RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA.

### Temperature evaluation
1. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/TemperatureEvalData/T100MN20_bit01.BIN`
   The 100 million bit data of RD0 and RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA under -20℃.
2. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/TemperatureEvalData/T100M25_bit01.BIN`
   The 100 million bit data of RD0 and RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA under 25℃.
3. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/TemperatureEvalData/T100M80_bit01.BIN`
   The 100 million bit data of RD0 and RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA under 80℃.
   
### Restart test data 1000
1. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/RestartData1000/R0RST1000.BIN` The binary random number data generated by Artix-7 FPGA, containing 1000 independent restarts with 1000 bits per restart.
2. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/RestartData1000/puf_restart_1000.m` Sanity checks and statistical evaluation of the restart data.
   
### Restart test data 1M
1. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/RestartData1M/R0RST1M_RD0.BIN` The restart test data of RD0 generated by Artix-7 FPGA, containing 100 groups with 1 million bits per group.
2. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/RestartData1M/R0RST1M_RD1.BIN` The restart test data of RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA, containing 100 groups with 1 million bits per group.
3. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/RestartData1M/PUF_restart_100_1M.m` The script Calculate the correlation coefficient matrix to evaluate the independence of the restart data.

### FIA data evaluation
1. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/FIAData/T0NG8_original_RD0.BIN` The original random bit data of RD0 generated by Artix-7 FPGA.
2. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/FIAData/T0NG8_original_RD1.BIN` The original random bit data of RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA.
3. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/FIAData/T0NG8_FIA_RD0.BIN` The random bit data of RD0 generated by Artix-7 FPGA under frequency injection attacks.
4. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/FIAData/T0NG8_FIA_RD1.BIN` The random bit data of RD1 generated by Artix-7 FPGA under frequency injection attacks.
5. `./AAC_TRNG_DataSet_Opensource/FIAData/FFT.m` The MATLAB script used to calculate the frequency spectrum.

## Verilog Source Code
1. `./Verilog/AXI_BUS/` folder includes the verilog files of AXI bus.
2. `./Verilog/SPUF_TRNG/` folder includes the verilog files of AAC-TRNG based on (64,8)-OIPUF.
